# Project Name- Personal-Voice-Assistant
About
The voice assistant we have developed is a desktop-based built using python modules and libraries. This assistant is just a basic version that could perform all the basic tasks which have been mentioned above but current technology is although good in it is still to be merged with Machine Learning and Internet Of Things(IoT) for better enhancements.  All you need to do is give a command to the assistant and the rest will be performed by the assistant. With the help of voice-activated virtual assistants, the system will do so for us. The machine will work in three modes- supervised, unsupervised or reinforcement learning depending upon the usage for which the assistant is developed. This is all possible with the help of machine learning. 
It is a software agent that can perform tasks or services for an individual based on commands or questions. Virtual assistants are able to interpret human speech and respond via synthesized voices. Users can ask their assistants questions, control home automation devices and media playback via voice, and manage other basic tasks such as email, to-do lists, and calendars with verbal commands
Virtual Assistants help you ease your day to day tasks, such as showing weather report, creating reminders, making shopping lists etc. They can take commands via text (online chat bots) or by voice. Voice based intelligent assistants need an invoking word or wake word to activate the listener, followed by the command. We have so many virtual assistants, such as Apple’s Siri, Amazon’s Alexa and Microsoft’s Cortana.
This system is designed to be used efficiently on desktops. Personal assistant software improves user productivity by managing routine tasks of the user and by providing information from online sources to the user Voice searches have dominated over text search. Web searches conducted via mobile devices have only just overtaken those carried out using a computer and the analysts are already predicting that 50% of searches will be via voice by 2020.Virtual assistants are turning out to be smarter than ever. Allow your intelligent assistant to make email work for you. Detect intent, pick out important information, automate processes, and deliver personalized responses. 
This project was started on the premise that there is sufficient amount of openly available data and information on the web that can be utilized to build a virtual assistant that has access to making intelligent decisions for routine user activities.
